What's wrong with Brother Chuan
Why are you in my hands
We last night. Last night, I wanted to help you lie down and rest before leaving
But you kept holding people's hands
You kiss me
So as I am your daughter
Brother Chen, I was originally going to get married
So it's okay for these things to happen
I believe you will marry me
Brother Ming Chen, my wish since I was a child is to marry you when I grow up
I believe you do the same to me
I wanted to make it clear to Xiaoxian today
But now
Mr. Ji's breakfast is ready
Madam asked you to go downstairs for dinner
Okay, I see
Okay, let's go to dinner first
Sister, I have good news for you
I shared a room with Brother Lin Chuan last night